Dear Mr. Robson,
I have read your article about the phenomenon of the echo chamber. First of all, it is quite interesting to read about some actual studies about this often discussed topic and the studie's results were pretty much in my expectation. But they are missing out the actual superior problem.
I see myself as a digital native and since I will study computer science, I am on the decreasing end of people who actually try to understand what they are doing. The demographic of digital world is changing due to the tricks, big tech is using, that are close to brain washing. Their goal is to make users. People who don't ask how their programs work, in what way the program's output is filtered and what is ethical or not. It is a problem way more complex than just echo chambers and filter bubbles. It is about the new kind of slaves, big tech is buying by offering a world that is ones deepest dream, for free. But it is not free. A user that likes how the internet is shaped perfectly for every single individual, how every information is in his favor. Even if some thing might seem counter intuitive, some ads might seem unfitting, and you think to your self how this ad could ever influence you, since it doesn't even fit you as an audience, the almighty algorithm is knowing what it is doing. One does not question every single character that is written on his screen, and in our overwhelming world that might not even be possible, but in the end that also might mean that big tech companies already have one. Having almost every human being on this very planet as their slave whithout anyone even caring aobut it. It is a change that wasn't even suddle but still, with enough money to their hand and the most powerful mass control device ever known to human kind it is not hard to achieve that.

Trust no one.

Sincerely,
Carl Bellgardt
